Modified developement example using samples (#121)
AVSystem/developer-zone: docs/LwM2M_Client/Nordic/nRF9160.md

    west build -b nrf9160dk_nrf9160ns
    ```

0. Find the `merge.hex` file under the `build/zephyr` directory in the project folder and download it.

> 0. Use the nRF Connect Programmer with the downloaded `.hex` file and execute steps from the [Updating the application firmware](https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/ug_nrf9160_gs.html#updating-the-application-firmware) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
0. Use the nRF Connect Programmer and flash the created `.hex` file onto the board. For more information, follow the [updating the application firmware](https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/ug_nrf9160_gs.html#updating-the-application-firmware) documentation.
```
